\input texinfo
@settitle MLP

@copying
Copyright @copyright{} school 21
@end copying

@titlepage
@title 3d viewer 2.0
@author cshara bromanyt
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 2filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@heading Description
The program is designed to recognize handwritten letters of the English alphabet based on a neural network.@*

@heading Program settings:@*
@heading Perceptron type@*
The neural network can be organized by matrix and graph type of construction. @*The weights obtained as a result of training can be used by any of the two types, regardless of which of them was trained.@*
The number of hidden layers.
You can choose from two to five hidden layers of the neural network. This setting affects both training @*and work on letter recognition. By switching during recognition, you load the weights preset by the program for this number of layers.@*
The weights obtained as a result of network training can be both saved and loaded.

@heading Testing@*
You can perform full or partial testing with the test case based on the settings you choose. At the end of the test, you can read the report@* by clicking on the appropriate button.

@heading Education@*
The training data set is transferred from one to five times (epochs). You can also use cross-validation with a split of two to five groups.@*
As in testing, you will be given a report. The bar chart displays the percentage of errors at each training epoch.
 
@heading Usage@*
The program allows you to recognize images of Latin letters written on the screen or loaded from a file. For downloaded data, the@* requirement for the background color (black) and font (white) remains.
By writing a letter or uploading an image, you can click the@* recognition button in the form of a magnifying glass to get the answer of the neural network, which will be displayed in the upper@* left corner. In the same place, there is a button for erasing, but you can also do this by pressing the right mouse button.

@bye
